Creating Content for Overworld $Revision$

Creating Map Tiles
	Map tiles come in a two different flavors: base tiles and roof tiles.
	
	Base Tiles 
		These serve as the "bottom layer" tile, the tile that is going 
		to serve as the ground in that area of the map. Grass is a 
		common base tile, as is dirt. Also included in base tiles are 
		the 'embellishment' tiles, such as flowers, road signs, etc.
		
	Roof Tiles
		These tiles are drawn on top of the actors in a scene and are 
		therefore most suited as roofs or overhead effects like s
		talagtites, clouds, etc.
		
	Before creating any tiles, decide what size the tiles will be for the 
	scene. Once the size is decided upon, stick with multiples of that size
	for all tiles in that scene (but tile sizes can vary between scenes, if
	desired).  Tiles do not have to be square, but it tends to be much 
	easier to draw maps that are. Any image format that SDL_image supports 
	is acceptable as a filetype, but the recommended type is PNG since it 
	supports compression and alpha masks.  

	Once the image is created, add it to the desired tileset.

Creating Tilesets, Spritesets, and Scriptsets
	
	Overworld will automatically generate tilesets, spritesets, and 
	scriptsets based upon the contents of the "tilesets", "spritesets", 
	and "scripts" subdirectories of the data directory, respectively.  
	For example, to make a new tileset called "castle", make a subdirectory
	of the "tilesets" directory called "castle" and put the desired tiles 
	in that new directory.  The next time Overworld runs, it will recognize
	that there are new tilesets and generate the necessary files.  The same
	concept applies to spritesets and scripts.
	
Creating Sprites
	Sprites are the animated actors in scenes. They represent the player 
	characters, monsters, and non-player characters.  They can be any size,
	but it is recommended that an average size is decided upon (unless, for
	example, a monster is much larger for dramatic effect).
	
	To make a sprite, first determine how many frames of animation in each 
	direction the sprite will have.  Then, when the sprite's frames are 
	completed, they must be assembled into a spriteset.
	
Creating Spritesets
	Sprite images must be named according to the direction and order of 
	animation.  For example, if a sprite has two frames of animation in 
	each direction, it will have the following eight filenames:

		e1.png, e2.png; n1.png, n2.png; s1.png, s2.png; w1.png, w2.png
	
	Which can be broken down as:

		e*: east-facing frames (right)
		n*: north-facing frames (up) 
		s*: south-facing frames (down)
		w*: west-facing frames (left)

Creating Items
	<todo>


Creating Scenes
	<todo>
	
